what's up everyone I'm syo Perez I'm the
founder of AD conversion we teach BWB
marketers how to scale paid ads with
free advertising courses TP by the
world's best practitioners and in this
quick tutorial I want to show you how to
install the X AKA known as Twitter pixel
in four easy steps let's get into it so
step number one is to create a free
Twitter ads account just navigate to
this article I'll link it in the
description box down below but Twitter
shows you exactly how to create your X
account I got to get used to saying X
but essentially you're just going to
follow these steps super simple and
you'll get up and running once you do
have your Twitter ads account installed
the next thing you're want to do is
you're going to want to come here in
your Twitter ads account and you're
going to want to navigate towards tools
and then the events manager when you do
that it's going to ask you to add an
event Source here on the top right
you're going to click on that you're
going to click I agree and now we need
to install our pixel cool thing about
Twitter is they actually support the
ability to use the conversions API so if
you want to be able to send server to
server events offline conversions you
can do that with Twitter we'll talk
about that in a future video but for the
sake of this video let's talk about
installing the pixel so you can do it
with the pixel code or you can do it
with tag manager we're going to use Tag
manager so click on that and then copy
your pixel ID and really important make
sure that you allow first party cookies
it's very important especially as these
web browsers are getting more
sophisticated in terms of how they deal
with third party cookies so I highly
recommend you leave that on it's going
to really help boost your retargeting
audience now we're going to move over to
Google tag manager and we are going to
create a new tag here and let's go ahead
and make sure that we have a proper
naming convention so I'm going to call
this Twitter ads pixel again I got to
remember to call this thing freaking
X and I'm going to have my trigger to be
all pages and for the tag configuration
just go ahead and click on the search
bar and search for Twitter and then
you'll see from the customer Gallery the
community Gallery there's this
twitter-based pixel that was already
created by someone and you're going to
drop the pixel ID here and then for
triggers you're going to set this to go
on all pages and then you're going to
save this and that's it you haven't set
up your Twitter pixel tag and tag
manager last but definitely not least is
to preview the tag so I'm going to click
preview here and tag manager open up my
website and we want to make sure that
it's firing properly so let's go ahead
and check that out coming back here I
had one page load which is uh noted
right here on the left and what I want
to look for is my Twitter pixel and I
want to make sure that it only fired one
time and I'm not having duplicate page
triggers because if it is it's going to
inflate my audience size and it's not
actually going to be a true sense so if
we look here we can see we have two
Twitter pixels installed so I had the
one from before and the one just now for
the sake of demonstration so if you have
duplicate tags you're going to want to
make sure you remove duplicate tags so
you don't have duplicate data
and then the next thing you want to do
is you want to take a look here at the
amount of times that it fired so you're
looking for the count of one if you see
it's fired more than once and you only
had one page load that is an issue and
you need to go back to your trigger of
all pages and and debug it and see
what's going on so that's it it's really
that simple we've installed the Twitter
ads pixel now I'm going to come back
here I'm going to S submit my changes
always make sure you submit proper
version changes that are understandable
Twitter adds pixel deployed and then I
can go ahead and publish it and that's
it uh you've installed the Twitter ads
pixel so I hope this video was helpful
this video is part of a multi-step
series that we have together in a
playlist where we're showing you how to
get up and running with creating an uh
you know B2B remarketing strategy across
channel so go ahead and check that in
the description box down below and I'll
see you in the next video